what's up guys welcome to LA this is my
friend Amanda amanda is a old friend
from high school we went to school back
in Texas we've gotta meet up have like a
fantastic online lunch and so we're
doing
[Laughter]
[Music]
Oh out here at Manhattan Beach and I
made a new friend
[Music]
so Amanda lives here in LA is this her
house all of them actually it's a high
school with a time for me to just like
figure out what I like my life I truly
did love everyone who owns we're just
super mature there's a time I like
sweatpants a really nice part it was
like senior I'm so but senior year is
when you know if you don't have to see
any of these people again you don't know
let's do a little Sarah deechi exponent
so what do people think of me in high
school
I was friends with people at my school
at others to be like why are you friends
with her and you're not that type of
person
everyone's super like
friends you're super chill you don't
really get mad about stuff nothing petty
this bird is about freshman year in
South Korea I was very much so trying to
be a part of everyone something and okay
let's try to hang out with people then
very slowly I was like yeah for me you
just didn't give a rat's ass by the time
you are a senior you were like you can
like me or not like I have big dreams
and I'm gonna go out there and like
pursue them and if you want to be along
for the ride like great if you don't
like deuces watch it not be recording
this whole we're just like talking to
people walking by I mean I loved high
school and I was Amanda stick human one
of the very few I'm ill one of the very
few friends I still keep up with but she
is like still BFFs with all of her
friends in high school so she actually
for now you couldn't know you're BFFs
for life but my spell or you can find
your friend group elsewhere you know
there's no right or wrong fit yeah I
feel like on the internet especially on
my channel it's always the stories like
college is stupid
dropped out forget all my people and
I'll screw this Holly
Amanda there's a really good example of
like she crushed it and I saw you're
super smart and you were fun you hung
out people but you like works your butt
off and mice honestly you know I and
college is the same thing my whole motto
in life is work hard play hard not work
hard play harder like people like to say
they can't work or play hard
that means if you saw how hard I worked
my ass off then you know how much room
that she is out here in LA and not stup
it says there's no one direct path in
life I think we're talking about the
further yous gonna do you and I think
also success is relative anyways your
version of success is so different by
mine and ours is so different from those
we were high school when I could cure
cancer tomorrow and my high school
friends will be like why you're seeing
this I'm starting a YouTube channel
subscribe below
[Laughter]
[Music]
so you're just talking about how to
shape your coz we just have to walk up
that hill and our first step towards
recovering ideas like lemony just when
you thought the day couldn't get any
better
[Music]
[Applause]
Gogi are the person all this stuff just
ridiculous but your stuff my hands
[Applause]
so here's the deal I've been focusing on
the podcast a ton if you haven't seen
last week's episode what are you doing
the most embarrassing thing ever and it
was such a good wake-up call for me you
haven't seen this week's episode
what are you doing should we go all
relationship yeah nitty-gritty let's do
it exclusive so every single week it's a
mission what don't new YouTube videos am
I gonna do Who am I gonna collaborate
with is there a creative person to show
off their process I had to put that on
pause for a week or two to figure out
the podcast but right now I am hopping
back in the groove I am stoked to meet
up with some people guess how good
videos right now we are going to meet up
with a guy named Cohen hey this is fun
this is max these are the geniuses
behind the what would you guys title it
invasion of the bhindi tripod so these
things
ah Katie hey was that what you filmed
the main video with not that not that
Lynn yes this was amazing this one gh by
that's how you using it the other day
mmm-hmm you guys got upset with me
because I said that the Panasonic menu
system terrible honestly in hindsight I
think it was just me not being familiar
with it yeah Sony historically has a not
organized mid new system but I've used
it for so long so I'm used to how long
have you been doing visual effects oh
man I've been doing visual effects
probably for around six or seven years
now okay so that video took around
probably like two solid nights of the
effects work and maybe like one day
shooting like a week or two prior so how
it works is this is all rigged on a
phone system so there's bones inside of
all the Julie balls and then I'm grating
through this right here you can see the
keyframes that this is animated on so
you don't go frame by frame the
animation it interpolates just like how
it does in Premiere in After Effects it
was hard to make a walk cycle for the
gob before to a three-legged yeah the
three-legged walk cycle is I need coffee
even those talents for a narrative joke
[Music]
every vlog I made would get the yellow
icon
[Music]
look a 7s you have a full-frame sensor
that bokeh is beautiful GH five 180
frames per second slow motion that's
amazing but you guys are being
ridiculous right now
Collin do you have a Canon yeah yeah
I'll see you guys later
Wow yeah that was something else right
Colin and Max's info their YouTube
channels all of their socials are linked
in the description below make sure to go
check them out because Wow look at
what's behind me oh it's an emoji oh my
gosh should be out here at Santa Monica
Pier okay there so it's our anniversary
last week yes basically celebrating one
year together
it's amazing and this is where it's not
the first date this is where I was like
Sarah with you maybe what out there
Cara's going there just in case it's
tomorrow we're basically a day in
advance because we're straight savages
we're straight smart lids yeah they're
so fun he knows Amanda she is like my G
is such a good time hanging out with you
guys
John has actually met a minute before
she so far yeah so so good hang out with
Amanda Colin max making that part that
cameras talking to each other thing that
was pretty cool I wasn't there either
but I assume all this is amazing
appreciate you guys for having fun in LA
let me know if you like this video hit
that subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week notification
Bell make sure you smash that hats uh
huh and links the description below for
also podcast episodes if you haven't
caught up yet yeah what do we say you're
on oh I think we like to say ok stay
fishy okay bye
[Music]